The following files are copyright 2013 Kronzky 
(kronzky@gmail.com / www.kronzky.info).

a3tangohunt.altis/UPS.sqf

The following files are copyright 2007-2013 F3 contributors and are 
used with permission from the F3 project. See 
a3tangohunt.altis/f/LICENSE and 
https://github.com/ferstaberinde/F3/issues/391 for more information.

a3tangohunt.altis/f/spect/config.hpp
a3tangohunt.altis/f/spect/fn_CamInit.sqf
a3tangohunt.altis/f/spect/fn_DialogLoop.sqf
a3tangohunt.altis/f/spect/fn_DrawTags.sqf
a3tangohunt.altis/f/spect/fn_EventHandler.sqf
a3tangohunt.altis/f/spect/fn_FreeCam.sqf
a3tangohunt.altis/f/spect/fn_GetIcon.sqf
a3tangohunt.altis/f/spect/fn_GetPlayers.sqf
a3tangohunt.altis/f/spect/fn_HandleCamera.sqf
a3tangohunt.altis/f/spect/fn_ReloadModes.sqf
a3tangohunt.altis/f/spect/fn_UpdateValues.sqf
a3tangohunt.altis/f/spect/functions.hpp

All other files are original work of Dharma Bellamkonda 
(dharma.bellamkonda@gmail.com / www.dharmab.com) and are released into
the public domain under the following license.

This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <http://unlicense.org/>
